Sample: customizing Web Chat with plain UI built from ground up (#1853)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: README.md

| [`18.customization-open-url`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/18.customization-open-url)                                                                                                     | Advanced tutorial: Demonstrates how to customize the open URL behavior.                                                                                                                                                             | [Customize Open URL Demo](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/18.customization-open-url)                               |
| [`19.a.single-sign-on-for-enterprise-apps`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/19.a.single-sign-on-for-enterprise-apps)                                                                         | Demonstrates how to use single sign-on for enterprise apps using OAuth                                                                                                                                                              | [Single Sign-On using OAuth Demo](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/19.a.single-sign-on-for-enterprise-apps)         |

> | [`21.customization-plain-ui`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/21.customization-plain-ui)                                                                                                     | Advanced tutorial: Demonstrates how to customize the Web Chat UI by building from ground up instead of needing to rewrite entire Web Chat components.                                                                               | [Plain UI Demo](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/21.customization-plain-ui)                                         |

Author: Added to `SAMPLES.md`.

| [`17.chat-send-history`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/17.chat-send-history)                                                                                                               | Advanced tutorial: Demonstrates the ability to save user input and allow the user to step back through previous sent messages.                                                                                                      | [Chat Send History Demo](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/17.chat-send-history)                                     |
| [`18.customization-open-url`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/18.customization-open-url)                                                                                                     | Advanced tutorial: Demonstrates how to customize the open URL behavior.                                                                                                                                                             | [Customize Open URL Demo](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/18.customization-open-url)                               |

> | [`19.customization-plain-ui`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/19.customization-plain-ui)                                                                                                     | Advanced tutorial: Demonstrates how to customize Web Chat UI by building from ground up.                                                                                                                                            | [Customize with Plain UI](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/19.customization-plain-ui)                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`19.customization-plain-ui`](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/19.customization-plain-ui)                                                                                                     | Advanced tutorial: Demonstrates how to customize the Web Chat UI by building from ground up instead of needing to rewrite entire Web Chat components.                                                                                                                                       | [Plain UI Demo](https://microsoft.github.io/BotFramework-WebChat/19.customization-plain-ui)                               |
```
